Jenkins suffered from OCD. He was obsessed with a monster named Zu'ul. Jenkins
was particularly terrified from Zu'ul's eyes that resembled to those of a fly.

Jenkin's main comfort in life was his pet frog Gerrit that was picked from a
local pet store. Gerrit was a good-tempered frog. Jenkins noticed that
immediately when he examined the group of frogs that were sitting in the store’s
frog aquarium.

The owner said that while the frog - it was not named Gerrit yet - had a good
temper, it is a fearless fly hunter. Jenkins felt it would be good to have such
a body with the eerie perpetual presence of Zu'ul in his life.

The fact that Jenkins had an OCD did have some merits. In fact, Jenkins owed his
guaranteed (high) income to his OCD. Jenkins was in the software automation
business. People who knew Jenkins used to say that what makes him more human
than his automated software is his ability to write it.

One morning as Jenkins stared at the usual pile of mails that accumulated during
the night, his thoughts wandered to the dream he had. Usually, Jenkins would
have vigorously answered all mails just to get back to improve his beloved
software. Most of the mails were from newbies making fool mistakes; those were
answered with harsh sarcasm. In other cases the stupid users should have merely
re-execute the process instead of bugging him. Jenkins was particularly proud
of the ‘eventually successful’ characteristic of his software. To the latter
users Jenkins did not bother to answer.

It was again this horrifying dream, in which Jenkins sees his thousands
reflections from Zu’ul’s eyes, only this time the reflection was blurred. As
the image got cleared Jenkins noticed that the reflections aren’t his but rather
Gerrit’s. All of a sudden, the reflected image blackened as if Zu’ul blinked at the view of the frog. Jenkins could clearly see the small thin hairs covering
Zu’ul’s eyelids.

The next thing Jenkins felt was a huge hollowness. He could not see the creature
anymore, nor did he feel the anguish of its presence. With this strange feeling
he woke up. The vivid memory of the dream made Jenkins get up from his cubical and leave the office never to return again.
